I mentioned earlier sale of recreational
marijuana is illegal here in the state
of California and to have some fun with
that tonight we're playing a game which
we have cleverly titled whose Boulevard
you are not hi correct huh you know I
took a few quaaludes during rehearsal
that's all right well here's how it
works cut sounds gonna bring in three
pedestrians these are people we found on
the street one of those people has
admitted that they are that he is high
or she is high the other two are not I
have to figure out with your help
which one is high okay does everyone
understand that all right Cheryl is
already trying to figure out how to work
on microphone so you are already suspect
number one Cheryl where are you from
Ontario Canada Ontario Canada and is
marijuana legal up there in Ontario not
yet not yet what will it be become legal
July first okay your eyes look very
clear well maybe not okay all right
right well it's very Christmasy in your
eyeballs all right what do you do for
work there I'm an aspiring youtuber oh
that's not a job aspiring youtuber and
the account is free you don't have to
aspire all right let's meet our next
contestant and what is your name oh my
my name is denis go danique oh where are
you from Charleston South Carolina
Charleston South Carolina May I'll have
more look at to Nico's clothing please
okay
Oh what kind of tree is that is that
palm
oh wait a minute okay yeah all right
that's a palm tree all right
Tanika what do you do for a living I'm a
Lancer via your what answer via alert
land surveyor do you get drug tested at
work
amber never okay alright alright and
let's keep going to contestant number
three and your name is clay hi clay
where are you from Louisville Kentucky
Louisville Kentucky what do you do for
work there clay well I make pizza you
make pizza oh boy
wow that's perfect isn't it all right
let's zoom in on let's take a look at
clays eyes yeah and just for fairness
sake let's go to de Nico and de Nico
would you mind removing your sunglasses
for just a moment so I could have a look
and see what's going on
[Applause]
now
so who's laughing hardest right now I
think the dog is Jim all right I am
going to say because I feel like de
Nico's putting it on a little bit and
trying to trick me the throw me off I'm
gonna say Cheryl Cheryl are you high no
you are not oh all right
clay are you I know this is how I narrow
it down
Cheryl what's your dog's name
Simon Simon are you high no des Nico
when did you last smoke fool 20 you mean
in April or this afternoon full 20 okay
all right all right did he go we have
reprising the enterprise's for everyone
all right let's bring three more in
there I just want to I want to give it
another shot I feel like I need to
redeem myself my weed R is a little bit
off all right we got three more kits up
contestants yes okay les all right les
is no way less that's high right yeah
all right now les where are you from
Oklahoma les were you pulled into this
begrudgingly I was bored
didn't have anything else to do all
right is that your name is Jane your
hairs but yes Jane Jane where are you
from
hi I'm from Chattanooga Tennessee I'm
here from Tennessee
okay Jane you seem very clear-eyed and
okay yes and now finally our third
contestant is Craig all right
Craig what do you do for work I
currently am laid off oh yeah it's Craig
no Craig it's not you negative it's not
you well it can't be less so it must be
Jane no
[Applause]
[Music]
what can I say
Wow
let's come in here I'd like you to enjoy
the rest of the show with us here so we
can really get a look at you all right
my grandson with me I'll bring them in
yeah of course Braille wait a minute
you're all right let's get Child
Protective Services it on the line and
bring less in here Sal happy I get
prizes yes I'll give everyone a snow
globe
oh yes everybody gets the snow thanks
for watching if you liked that subscribe
to our YouTube channel for all the
latest videos and if you didn't
subscribe anyway it's free who cares